# Workout Routine
This application contains the user’s workout routine and automates tasks such as overloading and adjusting the schedule when the user’s stimulus recovery adaption (SRA) curve increases. The application also includes features that allow the user to find their one rep maximum (1RM) and calculate reps and intensity based on the 1RM.
## How to Use the Application
Go to "set max weight" and enter your 1RM. If you don't want to do an 1RM, enter in the weight and reps you are able to do to failure and it will calculate your 1RM. If the exorcise includes a portion of bodyweight, include the in the 1RM. This has not yet been automated. Squats and deadlift include about 72% of your body weight. Pistol squats are about 86%. Pull ups, muscle ups, and calisthenic exorcises where the feet don’t touch a surface are rounded up to include your full body weight.  Enter in your body weight for any exorcise where your body acts as resistance. For most exorcises your weight will be calculated based on 1RM and intensity. In the instance that bodyweight does not allow you to reach the reps at the appropriate intensity, the exorcise will re-calibrate to lower the reps and raise the intensity based on the 1RM relative to bodyweight resistance.
On overload weeks do 5% more weight to or near failure to see if you’ve increased the 1RM. If the set is successful, press the overload button and the 5% will be added to your max. If you were not successful in overloading each exorcize category draw out the cycle until your able to overload across the board. Once the new SRA curve is established use a larger cycle accordingly.
